Lauren Kelly: Can you hear me. Yes, I can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's happening.
Lauren Kelly: With some internet issues this morning. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, don't worry. I have them all the time.
Lauren Kelly: To do stuff from my hotspot from my phone. So like, and it drains all this data. So I can't, like, sit on the call for 30 minutes you know they want you to call him like 40 minutes early. Like, I can't do that with the data. So I have to call him like right when that happens.
Lauren Kelly: So I apologize for this one, things are stable. Again, it won't be this crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all right. So where are you, I see you're not in your car anymore.
Lauren Kelly: No. And so I. So did they tell you I had missed it fight with you because I had to have this or extract
Lauren Kelly: Face with swelled up. Is it looks a little better today, but my face was swelled up like three times the size. It was horrible.
Lauren Kelly: But oh, and the worst part was was they gave me Narcos after. So it was like the first time I've had them in my hand. You know what I mean, but
Lauren Kelly: I so my friend that had the garage. I stayed on for a little bit. Um, he let me stay or for a couple of days just swipe recovering
Lauren Kelly: But he has a safe upstairs and I just gave them to him and he just put them in and say, so they're just not by me. It's
Lauren Kelly: I mean, it's not like I wasn't strong enough to have. I have him for, like, I don't know, eight hours before he got home, but, um, you know, when I didn't take any but you know I just didn't really want them staring me in the face all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Good job.
Lauren Kelly: I was proud of myself as the first time I had them and you know had trouble taking, you know,
Good job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and then the accountability piece do on top of it. That's awesome. Yeah, and you know, I'm glad that you're under shelter right now. You know what I mean. So what's your plan.
Lauren Kelly: For baby stays the plan, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. And sometimes that's all we can do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can't do anything more than that. What's happening with a anything from your ex.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, lots happening there. Um, so yeah, I wanted to. So like right after we talked last time you had sent me a couple of emails and I was like, Oh my God, I wish I could read these two right back right now because they're so crazy.
Lauren Kelly: Because I just wanted you to hear it in his words, it's all the stuff about how you know how my stuff is so much worse than his, you know, and then how I not possibly not understand, um,
It's like
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so last time I talked to you was that Tuesday when I was still there and I was about to leave. Right.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so like 10 minutes after we got off the call, he came home and was so excited. I was there. He was so happy, which, mind you, right before he left for work and he had told me
Lauren Kelly: That, you know, it was so much harder having me there. And he didn't like having me around.
Lauren Kelly: The only reason I was still there was because it was like 10 minutes after you got the call. I was walking the dog fairly quick. And I was going to pack the car he came home, he had like a couple hours in between, like work and like soccer team coaches or whatever. And he came home and
Lauren Kelly: Wanted to talk to me about some stuffing, but he was so excited. I was there and I said actually recorded last half of our call
Lauren Kelly: And I thought it was really good friend, listen to it. I tried to get him to listen to it and he just like within a minute. He's like, it's like okay offices and then like never got back then. And I'm like, Okay, cool. It doesn't matter to you, but um
Lauren Kelly: So then he goes to soccer thing and then I packed up everything in life. So the reason why this is hilarious because like this first line of the email is hilarious. Oh, so right before he left that second time. Um,
Lauren Kelly: He said something to me about, we were talking about the fact that I was still there, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, You know, I wanted to leave last night, you put up a big Buy button, leaving last night. You know, I really, you know, I didn't even want to be here right now.
Lauren Kelly: And, um, and he said something about, oh, well that was for compassion or something. And I was like, oh, so I was here for charity. Like, I'm not your charity anymore. Like, don't ever have me here for charity. Like, I asked you that last night you
Lauren Kelly: Want to me, they're like that just pisses me off so I'm
Lauren Kelly: After that,
Lauren Kelly: He had
Lauren Kelly: So that's why this is funny. So, so the last thing he had said to me was that I was only there for like compassionate or whatever. And so then I leave I pack.
Lauren Kelly: So, as he was coming home. Oh, yeah. So he had to soccer practice and then he had his therapy session which like our Lauren fashion hours, basically.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just so he says, My dear is Lauren. As they drove around the corner into the complex. My heart was beating so fast, and I was holding my breath. Wondering if I would see your car.
Lauren Kelly: It was obviously gone so I quickly went into the apartment to see if maybe you just went out for an Aaron, I saw and read your beautiful note and card. It saddens me greatly where we are today. So I had left him a note.
Lauren Kelly: That said, I'm basically like you know that it took the heart what he had said to me earlier that morning, and that I wasn't respecting his wishes. He's told me over and over again that he doesn't want to be with me and that
Lauren Kelly: You know having me around is harder than not. So I'm going to basically remove myself as like an element in his life, and that seems to be the most loving thing I can do for him right now and probably what's best for me too, and
Lauren Kelly: And whatever, and it had just the day before that last Monday. My 30 day anniversary thing was also it would have been our six month anniversary. So I had left the card.
Lauren Kelly: So that's what he's talking about what I left. So I just think it's hilarious that like the last conversation we had is him telling me how hard it is for me to be around.
Lauren Kelly: And then, again, this conversation about the only been there for compassion and then his next like reaching out to me is how he was like, holding his breath hoping I was still there like
Lauren Kelly: Why the fuck would I still be there after the things you said to me, and I said that to my son do hear yourself sometimes like do literally hear yourself because it's crazy new look. I own that that's a struggle with you.
Lauren Kelly: So much and I want to be with you so badly. But then the pain you've caused me and how much I just can't be with you. And that's my struggle but I own that and like, yeah, between mind fuck me the whole way.
Lauren Kelly: But anyways. OK. So, my dears, Lauren, as it's around the corner. So you already heard that retro beautiful known card. It saddens me greatly where we are today, baby.
Lauren Kelly: As you know, I had a therapy session right before I got home, as I've explained to all I do is talk about you, the entire session revolved around you.
Lauren Kelly: At one point, my therapist asked me, How does it end with Lauren in marriage. And I answered, Yes.
Lauren Kelly: I love you baby, I love you like I never knew as possible. I always go back to this. How do I define happiness. The answer always ends with you.
Lauren Kelly: Unfortunately, Lauren, I can't be the man I need or want to be with you right now, I want you to know that we can overcome everything and we can work through anything except lack of trust.
Lauren Kelly: Now that's hilarious because, as you know, I've worked through lack of trust within multiple times. So that's hilarious to me like okay so we can do it for you over and over and over again but we
Lauren Kelly: Can't. That's the one thing that's off limits for me, you know. But you know, that's cool. Um,
Lauren Kelly: As we continue to communicate. Which is funny because the letter I wrote him said I will not be communicating with you. I will not be stopping by. So it's like he just either
Lauren Kelly: Didn't want to pay attention to that or selective whatever but like the last communication for me was, we will not be communicating and then his next one is as we continue to communicate.
Lauren Kelly: And be in each other's lives. Please no. You can share any truth with me. That's all they everyone I hate where my head is right now.
Lauren Kelly: And hit were my thoughts go babe, I need to heal and forgiven trust please know that I will always be your and your toes and cops capital letters man and that I see you as my and my is in capital letters woman.
Lauren Kelly: So alone. So the first time he left me for for his ex wife for whenever I have this good friend, Erica. Erica isn't a really bad situation so Erica has
Lauren Kelly: A kid who's 19 and he has like kidney disease and stuff. And so they're always going to the doctor and back. Erica also takes Norco like a lot. That was kind of like our bonding thing now.
Lauren Kelly: That I don't take more coach Erica has not been a good friend, and it can. I've been able to see like, wow, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I just that really was when our friendship lets you know right but um but the one reason why I like to go to Erica to talk to her about calling from the beginning is because
Lauren Kelly: You know, Paul was married and that wasn't something I wanted to go to like my friends and say, because of course all of them would say like, what the hell are you doing
Lauren Kelly: That Erica WAS WITH HER BABY'S father and my different kid is like 1819 years old.
Lauren Kelly: And he got when she was pregnant with her son. He got her best friend pregnant and then chose her best friend over her.
Lauren Kelly: And the husband lived his whole life with this other girl who had like three kids while he has sex with my friend Erica every week. Like, and basically, and this has gone on for like 17
Lauren Kelly: Basically, so she's just been to the side chick forever. And so this is one reason like when I look at her centuries and makes me sad because I'm just like, he's never going to leave like she thinks the kids are grown, but I'm like dude, it's been
Lauren Kelly: Teaching you're
Lauren Kelly: Never going to leave that it was pulling percent, which I'd be in a situation, you know, she would always give me like good advice about Sephora whenever
Lauren Kelly: So one thing she said when Paul left me that first time.
Lauren Kelly: That she said, We're all my other friend for saying things like, you know, when I would say, you know, I lost the love of my life. And so
Lauren Kelly: My other friends would say things like, it's a peaceful death of your life. He would never do that to you. And this would never be happening and all that she she would say things like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I know the way that you feel about positive way I feel about Cornell HER BABY'S father and
Lauren Kelly: And that that she said, the one thing that worries me is that she said what you need to know is, these are hurts backwards. That motherfucker owns you. He owns your heart healing your mind to your party or something.
Lauren Kelly: She said, I've tried to let her know ago. I've even been engaged for a couple of years, like we just cannot let each other. Go. It's like that forever kind of love. And I know that's what you all have
Lauren Kelly: Until one day when we got back to the other end mentioned that to me. It was something we would kind of joke about like that, that he owns me and he said, what you need to understand is that
Lauren Kelly: It goes both ways that you own me as well like that we both like basically like own each other in that way. And so she brought that up, he said.
Lauren Kelly: He says, Erica said it best, you own me, and I don't own you please come to me with anything, you may need a worried about you babe. I think about you all the time.
Lauren Kelly: I love that you gave me an anniversary card is so fucking beautiful that you did that. It's so amazing. I cherish that card years always Paul
Lauren Kelly: I'm so do you have any thoughts before I read you. My response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is just mind boggling to me. Yeah, you know. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: So, so it gets better. So that's my response. I said, I'll never stop thinking of you and loving knew more than I ever knew was possible.
Lauren Kelly: I was able to get through an extreme lack of trust with you multiple times. Maybe one day I'm
Lauren Kelly: If I'm super lucky you will you will be able to do the same. Once you see my dedication to being the person I was truly meant to be.
Lauren Kelly: It saddens me that we can't do this together, because I know it would only make a stronger to have
Lauren Kelly: You see my efforts and work on a daily basis. The same way you begged me to do for you. And again, multiple times when you prove to be completely untrustworthy.
Lauren Kelly: And once I was able to see how easy it was for you to lie to me and mislead me on a daily basis. Just remember, today's the first day of the rest of your completely learn free life.
Lauren Kelly: And now this will bring you great comfort and your happiness comes before anything to me, I will give you the space that you need and let you live your life. I will never get in your way ever again. Goodbye. Paul
Lauren Kelly: I'm so his email. Good morning, baby. I texted you last night and I hope you received it. I didn't sleep much and pretty tight right now but wanted to respond to your email.
Lauren Kelly: There's a point that you've made many times regarding what we oh yeah this is where there's a point that you've made many times regarding what we've gone through that I think is a little unfair Lauren and this is where he quotes me
Lauren Kelly: It was able to get through an extreme lack of trust with you multiple times. And it's sad and then he also quoted me again.
Lauren Kelly: And it sounds to me that we can't do this together, because I know it would only make us stronger to have you seen my efforts and my work on a daily basis. The same way I beg.
Lauren Kelly: you beg me to do for you again multiple times when you prove to be completely untrustworthy. And once I was able to see how easy it was for you to lie to me and Mr up on a daily basis.
Lauren Kelly: He says yes i'd lied and misled you however after I came back after leaving the second time things were different. I made you my number one priority.
Lauren Kelly: I knew. All I wanted was to focus on you and focus on us and show you that I willingly went up to four days without seeing my daughter's which is hilarious. So when he came back, he didn't see or talk to kids for four days he never done that.
Lauren Kelly: That had nothing to do with me. I had always encouraged to spend time with this kid, so the fact he tried to put that on me now. It's hilarious. Like, no.
Lauren Kelly: That was your choice. I have nothing to do with when you see your contacts, your kids, and I've never been anything that's supportive to that so that you can own that one and not fell on me, but whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So he willingly went up to four days without see my daughter's because I wanted nothing more than to be with you. I was honest and true about everything I correct my behavior. The big difference here is you can
Lauren Kelly: You continually failed me and us. And let me and us down you not acknowledging your extreme bombshell and all the ramifications around that.
Lauren Kelly: That I forgave that was so big day but not big enough to keep us apart. We spoke at length that giving it another try. And the importance of being true to each other.
Lauren Kelly: You then decided it was important to give your number two selling from your past and hide that from me. He's talking about that text with the Frank I about
Lauren Kelly: Then that led to me uncovering all the painful stuff on your phone. And that was when he found you know all this correspondence
Lauren Kelly: From when I was using what happens next. You told me an incredible number of blogs and go to unbelievable lengths to hide the hotel from you. It keeps happening. They don't you see the difference.
Lauren Kelly: It also sounds me greatly that we can't do this together, but what you need to understand is, I tried to do it together. I wanted to do this together, but you continue to lie and deceive me baby. Don't you see the difference.
Lauren Kelly: You always bring up my situation but I came back. True, baby. I came back change you have not
Lauren Kelly: And this is just crazy just remembered today is the first day of the rest of your completely Lauren free life. I know. This will bring up a great comfort.
Lauren Kelly: And you're happy to spend three four anything. I mean, he said. This will bring me comfort and happiness. You know, that's the furthest thing from the truth.
Lauren Kelly: I only have two outcomes here, babe. One is we find our way back to each other in and happiness and Sue's to as we go. And I know I live a life without true love. I live a life without the highest level of joy I focus and dwell on that and I'm doing to life with sadness. I love you.
Lauren Kelly: And then right after that just short PST wrote was so the night before.
Lauren Kelly: Because I hadn't been hosting the night there. I didn't have PJ's so in the morning when I would walk the dogs. I just warm up like some clothes that he had around like it's like soccer stuff.
Lauren Kelly: And he's rope. Yes, I love seeing you dressed in all my clothes. I hope one day. It's a common occurrence in our lives.
Lauren Kelly: Like seriously, it's just such like a mindset back and forth thing like it's
Lauren Kelly: He loves me so much. You can't live without me. But don't you see the difference of why you're wrong. So one thing that kind of came to me after the fact, was
Lauren Kelly: So I've had a lot of abusive relationships, whether it's verbally or physically. And one thing I've seen a lot of boyfriends do is become the perfect way for him for two weeks. You know, they
Lauren Kelly: Mean when they
Lauren Kelly: Go through like the honeymoon period. And I remember the first time we left me for the x or the second time you left me for that.
Lauren Kelly: To come back. He kept telling me that you're going to see within 24 hours that it was worth it to take me back. And I remember laughing at him and think 24 hours like
Lauren Kelly: I've seen boyfriends are perfect for two weeks 24 hours isn't going to be shifting no it i mean it like that means nothing. I've seen people
Lauren Kelly: Great for a short period of time. It always goes back
Lauren Kelly: So this period of time is talking about where he was this total angel. We're literally talking about something like 12 days or something between when he came back and when he like caught me and my addiction and then everything my phone.
Lauren Kelly: Before that I had like not screwed up the SRC, you know what I mean. He had been dealing with this now. I'm a big screw up. Ever since like the addictions.
Lauren Kelly: Um, so we're talking about 12 day. So again, yes, let's all clauses that he was great for 12 days, if I can. But he could have done. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: However, he was not great, Rebecca, he it came tonight. Two different things he did that we're not true. And we're not like whatever
Lauren Kelly: So when he came back I had given him like two pages literally of stipulations of him coming back and they were things like
Lauren Kelly: You know, letting me know when he's going to that house and for how long. Like, and that he's only going to pick up the kids and drop them off. He's not having dinners there anymore.
Lauren Kelly: And that I know, anytime is actually calls that he tells me about it. You know that
Lauren Kelly: That he was actually going to see a divorce attorney and get the ball rolling on that. Like there's all these different items.
Lauren Kelly: So what he did do was he came in he hung out with me and he like went meetings with me and stuff. But when it came to any of the action items. The divorce for me.
Lauren Kelly: The letting me know when he's talking to that five. You know what I mean, those things, all of those went to the wayside every single one and
Lauren Kelly: And I remember a couple times thinking should I remind them, hey, do you want to see that divorce attorney.
Lauren Kelly: But I decided I don't want to be the nagging girlfriend like this was supposed to be important to him. You know what I mean, like, so I want to see how long it takes for it to be important to him.
Lauren Kelly: It never was. And I could, I would literally be able to bet you my car outside that he still hasn't made one phone call about, you know what I mean, I'm
Lauren Kelly: Still, you know, and this is months later so so yeah you hung out with me for you know 12 days or whatever. But on any of the action items you totally fucking fell through. And it was really important to me to see that those things are important to you and they were not, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Also, I'm like three days into him being there and he had got a call from is about
Lauren Kelly: Their daughter that when in high school, she needed help them like an algebra class and I was really good at math.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, he had, you know, come to me to ask me about it.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't realize this, because this is only like three days I've been getting back, but I have. I started crying and like I hit me because this is, again, this is like my first, like
Lauren Kelly: Six days of sobriety, like everything made me cry at this point and it just hit me really hard because again I picked for him in that house and hours and hours there and it just hit me really hard.
Lauren Kelly: And I remember telling him like, you know, this isn't
Lauren Kelly: You know, like, this is my own shift or whatever. And he said, No, no, no. I did. It's like the consequences of my actions like what I've done, make you feel this way, but like, and the end result was me saying
Lauren Kelly: I want you to go there. I want you to help her as long as she needs like I'm not going to put like a one hour time frame on it. Like if she did you for three hours be there for three hours. Like, I'm not going to
Lauren Kelly: Have it on my conscience that your kid got a bad score on your test because I couldn't get over my insecurities bullshit. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: So that's the end result but less than a week later, something came up where I've kind of found out that he had been there. I want to say one of his doctor
Lauren Kelly: Said, like, Oh God, I forgot to ask you about this earlier when you hear something. And I'm like, wait, you went over there.
Lauren Kelly: And he was like, yeah. And I'm like, why didn't you tell me that was part of like the stipulation. And he basically admitted will because you got so upset. Last time I didn't want to upset you again and blah, blah. So there he lived, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Like, which was and again he talks about you lied about the one thing you want to lie about that was the one thing he wasn't supposed to live in. You live
Lauren Kelly: But in my mind. I looked at the intention, but you know he was transferring time with his kids, you know, and I mean I didn't make a big deal. Now, I wish I'd made huge deals about all these things, you know,
Lauren Kelly: That and showed like I can't believe like How forgiving. I was when I see how unforgiving is
Lauren Kelly: That. So it's funny when he came back. True, he came back change. She came back college
Lauren Kelly: No, no you didn't. And it was for 12 days and I've seen
Lauren Kelly: The boyfriend that literally almost murdered. He tries to be the best boyfriend in the world for like a full month so if he can put that mask on the guy who tried to murder me.
Lauren Kelly: To put on the mask and be the best boyfriend in the world. I'm sorry but full days from you. Is it too fucking exciting. You know what I mean. And I'm
Lauren Kelly: Just. It's not like we're talking about two years of him being this great guy, you know, a name in like it. So I don't know, but, um, so, so then, so all that happened so
Lauren Kelly: I basically I've been trying to just kind of stay away and
Lauren Kelly: Then all this to stop it like over the weekend, my face like foot up really big and we had sent him a text on
Lauren Kelly: Saturday, because he said, so when we would break up here, I would be in the department. And I think I told you, you would just shut up at like 6am every day, you know, and bake me back whatever
Lauren Kelly: I can't do that. Not like I mean he says I can because I know really feminist and stuff like I can't do that.
Lauren Kelly: Um, so, so he's he's made the comment multiple times that like what I'm doing is worse.
Lauren Kelly: Because I've kind of taken a step back and he wants me to do that like showing up places, putting him down. He wants me to do that even though
Lauren Kelly: He tells me how bad it is to have me around and stuff. And like, you know, it's this constant like I want you around the only so I can punish kind of thing. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Which isn't good for, like, maybe I deserve it all. But right now I know that if all I have to do is live in the past, live in the past.
Lauren Kelly: In the past, I'm going to be in the mindset of the house, which is the using mindset. You know what I mean, like, that's not going to help me and
Lauren Kelly: And when I said that to him the other day and he said, we're talking about two weeks ago, or not the past like
Lauren Kelly: Bob and like okay like he's like you know the total coming up in two weeks ago, like, this isn't even that far in the past. That's why you have to still deal with this, but whatever. Um,
Lauren Kelly: So, um, so, yeah. So I sent him so. Oh, yeah. So he wants to be like hunting them down and he made the comment you not calling and not texting is like worse.
Lauren Kelly: Than if I wish you would be calling and texting more and like he's made that comment to me like I would say like
Lauren Kelly: How much you're touching and call it like it's not good. You need to do more, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, oh, I wasn't feeling that this weekend because of the two thing, but on Saturday and just section because I was thinking of him and I
Lauren Kelly: Had dawned on me and I thought you know I want him to know and thinking because he said he's like he just thinks about me and says about me all the time in that to think that I'm not
Lauren Kelly: Thinking of him to like makes it even crazier for him or something. Um, so I just thought I want to let him know that I'm at least thinking of him, um,
Lauren Kelly: So I'm on Saturday I sent him a text right just said.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I can't get you out of my head from the second I I wake up to the second I fall asleep. I love you, Paul. You are my world, you're my life or my future.
Lauren Kelly: Please, just know that I am doing the hard work and putting in the time to be the woman I need to be and the women that you need and want and deserve. I never
Lauren Kelly: I will never let you down. Again, even while we are apart. Everything I do is with you in mind and ascend to make you proud of me. I will never stop you and I will never stop fighting.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: God, that was attacked
Lauren Kelly: So we had a good conversation Saturday night. So then Sunday's Super Bowl. We don't talk. Um, but then he calls me
Lauren Kelly: Sunday night and the and then we, I think we had a pretty good talk Sunday night and he was telling me it was another conversation where he was telling me.
Lauren Kelly: But I want you to like home or even watch it was almost like I the last it's not more would be more calm or whatever. So then, Monday, wake up.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm in like a lot a lot of pain from my face.
Lauren Kelly: To stand up in the photo I didn't contact them a moment and contact them at all. Tuesday after you just told me Sunday, you know, it's important to called a lot so
Lauren Kelly: Tuesday I have like 1000 my mouth, they can't even talk, you know, my faces out there but I text them and they said like, hey, I can't really talk right now, but I just wanted to like check you know what you're thinking.
Lauren Kelly: So his new the altar of that just to call me, and so I'm like, you know, I can barely talk I've gone from the North. They tell him.
Lauren Kelly: You know what had happened and I, you know, was in this, you know, just, you know, I had this phone and everything. And I said, You know, I was in so much pain last time, went to the ER and blah, blah, blah. They were talking about all this. So I'm
Lauren Kelly: Later that night, so that's that's like Tuesday afternoon, then we end up being off the phone.
Lauren Kelly: With later that night I couldn't sleep at all and I text him later at night. Nice. You know, I'm sure you're probably sleeping. They just want you know like I
Lauren Kelly: Can you text me. I was like, oh no, actually can't see either. Can you talk right now and and they go okay and and he calls me and he's like, hey,
Lauren Kelly: You know, you know, I think we both want the same things. I think we both at the end of the day, I think there's no question that we both want to get back together and like, you know, eventually you know we we don't know.
Lauren Kelly: He always says things like, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: You know where it will happen feature or whatever. But I know we built hope or stories and I'm being written. I know we both have our lives will intertwined again.
Lauren Kelly: But, you know, with that being said, I still have like a lot of trust issues and basically I just want to ask you something. And is that I want to see proof that you went to the ER last
Lauren Kelly: So,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and I'm like, so you won't know the best part, Rebecca. This is the best part. And like I'm mad at myself and you're going to be mad at me.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't go to the ER. I don't know why I said that I don't know why I said that I was so, like,
Lauren Kelly: Everything else in my to the shoe. I have all the paperwork. I have a missing tooth. I have everything I it's like
Lauren Kelly: It's like there's something in me, it's like, it's the same thing with the hotel. When I didn't want to tell them I have the hotel I wanted him to picture me sleeping on the street, you know, they mean it's like I want
Lauren Kelly: It's like something in me that wants him to like feel worse than he does or something. So it's like I needed to add something to it. And again, like
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I knew in his head. He's gonna think oh, so this is what a partner. And what else is there literally he's caught me in SINCE I'VE BEEN SOBER since the beginning of this year. I told him three lines, it's been
Lauren Kelly: It was that text that I got caught with or whatever. I didn't lie about it, but he found that it was the hotel thing and this era thing. I don't know why I even said that, I don't even know it like
Lauren Kelly: I don't even know why I said that. But of course, I have all the paperwork to the dentist to the prescriptions so that everything else. But the one thing I do not have is the paperwork to the ER.
Lauren Kelly: And and it's like
Lauren Kelly: I just don't even know. And these aren't like the three instance, the beginning of the year. The three things I have learned about and everyone he catches me the
Lauren Kelly: Fucking second that I do and it's this, but I know in his mind. There's no way that there's so much more. And there's no way. And so basically I haven't even talked about was
Lauren Kelly: Not last night the night before and the call just got left with, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Until I can get that to him, like we can't move forward and and and so I'm sure he's together at this point that he hasn't heard from you in two days that
Lauren Kelly: You know, it's not there or whatever. Um, I don't know what to say or do about that. And that was something I was just like, I have to talk to her back.
Lauren Kelly: I don't even know what to say, like, of course, there's a part of me that was like
Lauren Kelly: Do I go to the air today and then trying to get some like paperwork is get some kind of program right can like
Lauren Kelly: Change the dates on that. I'm like, No, I'm not doing i'm not i'm not going to continue the cooking like like I basically just after
Lauren Kelly: Own it, pardon me, was thinking of just sending an email because it's like, I don't want to deal with the like. See, I knew it, I knew your fucking liar and like I don't even want to deal with that.
Lauren Kelly: Um, but I also feel like I have no other choice than to own it. I just like can't believe what, what did he asked me, like, oh, I want to see that your tooth actually cut pulled I have all that paperwork. You know what I mean, like, why does it have to be the one stupid fucking thing.
Lauren Kelly: Why did I lie about that, like, I didn't even think about it when I said it and like it just
Lauren Kelly: It really discourages me because it makes me think that I really am just the lawyer in a bad person in that like even sobriety can't help the shitty person I am, because here I am like
Lauren Kelly: Like, like what I did, I lie about that. I don't understand, like, I have a son and and just instantly unplug
Lauren Kelly: Know like what other response to the help to. I can't believe a word of your fucking mouth because it's true, you know, to mean like
Lauren Kelly: That. Like, I literally I can put like I told you before he wanted me to put something on like hasn't. My dad feels like
Lauren Kelly: They could literally put on housing right that's what those are the only three things I have said that have not been truthful it since I have sober every single other thing I've said has been 100% truthful.
Lauren Kelly: What is wrong with me, like, what is wrong with I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, do you want to know my thoughts.
Lauren Kelly: Yes, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And more in your work in progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To actually take a look at this part of your behavior and try to do everything you can to start changing it is huge and it's not going to change overnight. It's not going to change in a month it it takes work. And you're doing the work. Right. You're not going to do it. Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're doing it. And honestly, you don't have anything to defend anymore. And so, you know, and for me, the only thing that you have is what your truth is and owning it and saying, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm working. I'm working on myself and it's not going to be easy. And I'm going to make mistakes and I'm going to do things wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it doesn't mean that all of a sudden, because you stopped using that your, your, you know, your behaviors that you've had for so long, are going to change at the same time that takes the work that's where the work comes in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so knowing that it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Okay, so you messed up. And you know how you want to work this, you know, deal with this is up to you. But honestly I you know where things are with you and him. I would just say, You know, I'm working on myself. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm not perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't done things. Perfect. But I'm trying to change these things. And yes, I recognize that you know i in the past I've had an issue with, you know, being afraid of the outcome. And so I lie, I'm trying to work on that line.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And leave it at that. You don't owe him anything you don't owe you don't have to prove anything anymore. That's the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what he needs to get out of his head.
Lauren Kelly: You know, he's not God. But I think he's not
Lauren Kelly: But I think in his mind, if we're trying to get back together. Then he deserves all this accountability.
Lauren Kelly: And that's actually like a trusting good place. Like if he can't ask these things. That means and how can we ever get to a place where he can trust. And let's see.
If I can the same
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same can go for him. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's the, that's the thing is that somebody that's not willing to own their own behaviors and except you know the things that they've done and always point the finger. You know, it's just a constant chaotic circle that goes on.
Lauren Kelly: You know, that wasn't this application for and like I don't even know what what I asked for of him to match that, you know, they mean of, like, okay, then you do this and you get a bonus, but like I don't even know what that be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, again, you just talked about, you know, the stipulations that you gave him that he never followed through with. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, from this point, you don't even know if he's done any of them. But, you know, you can bring that up. You know I shouldn't have to prove to you anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know where we're at. This is about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me getting better and me changing my behaviors. And I'm not going to do it perfectly. Just like you haven't done them perfectly. You know, you agree to all these stipulations. Not once have you, you know, done some of the things on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm not going to show you, you know, anything that I went to the ER.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I don't feel like you know I have to at this point.
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm trying to do the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Surface.
Lauren Kelly: Is the answer is how it's gonna be a because it doesn't exist because it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like to say
It doesn't just say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you have to two directions that you can go with this. You can own it and take the consequences and say, Yes, you did live
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you can just stop defending yourself and realize that you're working on, you know yourself you're identifying these things and you're trying to make you know the changes you need to. But again, you're not going to be 100% perfect right away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: owning your truth and walking in that takes time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it takes trips and it takes falls.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the most important thing is when you recognize that you have told a lie that you back up immediately and say, wait, that's not true. I don't know why I just said that. But I'm trying to change these things about you know my thought process and
Lauren Kelly: And why no
Lauren Kelly: I would love to have done that there. Why didn't he was out there. I DIDN'T HONESTLY, it didn't even dawn on me until he asked really proves that like, Oh my God, he's, you know what I mean like it. Why did I use that, then you know
Lauren Kelly: Again answer to that is going to be, you only hear when you get caught. So what else have I not caught you on and I mean this man has a gift. I mean, he knows me
Lauren Kelly: Better than I know myself because literally he catches me the fucking second it like I've never had somebody like
Lauren Kelly: My parents had like an eagle eye on me. They were crazy Mormon like overprotective parents even they didn't know like 2030 the way this man can see through me. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: Those need better than I know myself so he knows if I could stop at his fear forever if, you know, especially with something as stupid as me saying, I went to the yard. When I didn't intend to be that everything out of my mouth is, is that I
Lauren Kelly: Mean, and that's not these isolated events and. And again, you know, before it was, you know, the hotel I understood that I acted in panic, but like, what was my panic there but you
Lauren Kelly: Went what made me do that like I just, that's what so sickening to me like why like I had no reason like why cuz I'm just said I was in so much pain. I see my face for hours. Like, why because I actually have. Why did I have to add that
Lauren Kelly: I what is just something broken any that's just like never going to be sitting in my because it's like I was thinking last Sunday. I just kept going over like do I have no morals or whatever. But it's like
Lauren Kelly: I know that's not true because I sit and cry for hours every day about how bad I feel
Lauren Kelly: About the things that I've done, and like the way that might actually have affected other so I know like I have like a heart and I have a soul, not like
Lauren Kelly: Some terrible sociopath just going around like doing things for myself and never thinking of how they affect other people. That's not who I am anymore like
Lauren Kelly: It consumes me how much I've heard people and and so then thing going repeated behavior and especially over something so stupid like the hotel thing.
Lauren Kelly: Almost made sense to me because of the Panic, but This does not make sense to me. I don't get why I did this, like I just wouldn't understand. Because how do I stop it from happening in the future. I don't understand why didn't you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's about being mindful about what you're saying it's about identifying right off the bat. And if you're paying attention to what you're saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know that you're saying you know the truth. And then you don't have, you know, to worry about covering up a lie or changing it or whatever. But you've been in this pattern. This behavior pattern for so long, it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: change overnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. It's about identifying it, you know, being on paying attention.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just a liar. And this is just who I am and people around me just on being lied to. And this is what I have to offer you as a friend or girlfriend, a daughter, a sister, like, I'm just gonna lie to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will remember that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, you're working progress. You've been in this lifestyle, you've been doing this for a very very long time. It's not going to change overnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you quit using you're going to therapy, you're in groups you're doing all this, you know, work for yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is something that's been presented to you that you get to say, all right, I need to really focus in on this part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of my behaviors and start making the right you know choices and start making the right changes, but that takes practice. So when you realize that you've said something that's untrue really in that moment, stopping and saying, wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not true. I need to take that back. You know, I'm really trying to work on this part and and 100%
Lauren Kelly: That if I did that, I think he could have understood that. And he would have been like, Wow, that was gross, but I didn't do that. I didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. You're not going to do a perfect every time it takes time. It takes time. This is part of, you know what, who you are when you're using that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time to change it.
Lauren Kelly: To me more like why
Lauren Kelly: Why is my mom.
Lauren Kelly: Still in the shitty place of someone who was using, like, why, why, why are we still here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because again, you can get clean and sober. But then you then have to start working on the behaviors that you were living in while you're using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not something that stops just because you stopped using that's something that takes the work to be able to to start practicing different behaviors, one at a time.
Lauren Kelly: What kind of work, can I do to to
Lauren Kelly: Hone in to just literally it's my number one thing. Like, I mean I don't say like, Oh, I've got being cleaned down, obviously that's like a lifelong thing. I get that. But like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I don't think about using every day. I mean, yeah, since I mean in the garage and all these things. Yeah. Every now and then it does Donna me that it would be nice to not have to like
Lauren Kelly: Be my head or whatever, but it's it's never like a second father, let me call someone or anything like that. Like so. Yeah. Using crosses my mind every now and then, but it not to the point of like
Lauren Kelly: I need it. Whatever it like I've done really well i think i mean to the point of having North Coast in my hand and and for hours and
Lauren Kelly: Literally. Not fit. Not even being hard for me, you know, like they don't even need to be in the safe there. And apparently I just thought it was a good idea just to like not
Lauren Kelly: Have been around. But like I could honestly tell you if they had been in front of me for the last two days. So it's like I know for a fact that and that's me ask you.
Lauren Kelly: This because the
Lauren Kelly: Lord, we want to take turns in in the first five minutes. I wasn't for him. You know, I mean, and there's no way I would have had them certainly
Lauren Kelly: Um, so it's like I feel like I've I'm strong in a lot of areas like in the way of
Lauren Kelly: Not knowing I'm not going to relax. I'm strong in that and I'm strong in like
Lauren Kelly: Knowing like the person I want to be. And I've set these goals like we're trying to feel like I'm going to the dentist. I'm kidding. Like this cancer stuff like so I had gone to this cancer center before
Lauren Kelly: And then in my addiction. I kind of just stopped going in for you know what I mean. And so, yeah, obviously, now that I went back in for the first time in like five years it's it's there. You know what I mean. Um,
Lauren Kelly: But at least I'm getting the ball rolling. I'm finally taking care of it. You know, like so, and doing these things that are going to like, help me.
Lauren Kelly: Be healthy so I can get like a full time job and all those things, you know, I'm doing these appointments out so I can get all the stuff out of the way. I'm doing stuff like
Lauren Kelly: Trying to like take care of myself and trying to get my teeth six. That's like this huge like self conscious thing for me. I'm, I'm doing all these different things that you know that I feel like I'm
Lauren Kelly: Doing well and things like he would be proud and identity. When I texted on on Saturday that like everything I'm doing right now like when your weight like there's not one
Lauren Kelly: Action. I'm doing that. Like he wouldn't be proud of. I just, I literally just take, take care of yourself. Take care of my dogs, try to eat something I'm
Lauren Kelly: Scheduled a journal I constantly read. I've got like any books edition books, but just say books I've got I'm constantly reading on everything I'm
Lauren Kelly: And focus on like how I need to change. I'm going to meetings and doing all these things like this seems to be the thing
Lauren Kelly: That is just catching me and and I, and it's the worst thing because I feel like it makes me a bad person. I feel like some of the other things would be more understandable to stumble on but like
Lauren Kelly: Why can't
Lauren Kelly: Is I want to see why can't I just not stop lying, but it's and I know this sounds like ridiculous to say but like the old boring by literally 15 times a day easily without even thinking that, hey, you know what I mean, because
Lauren Kelly: I would have to lie to Paul about how it was going to get the money and then I was probably lying to the person who's getting the money from about where
Lauren Kelly: It's going and then maybe the delight of all about the time of when I went to go get some ads and all this stuff and and then imposed on me taking minutes. I don't like doing about what those kids were like there was like 15 leads a day and not just
Lauren Kelly: For me, so the fact that since December 29 the day I got theme today, February 6 I realized I know this sounds fucking ridiculous, but like, to me that's making progress and
Lauren Kelly: Grow it is but but a bit to tell someone
Again,
Lauren Kelly: You know how I had a hard time celebrating clean days, because in my mind all in celebrating is
Lauren Kelly: Like it's like my ex wife and I used to beat the shit out of me should, should I celebrate Okay today's not beating the shit out of me, like, no, he's just hasn't been shooting person.
Lauren Kelly: So that's why it was so hard for me to like wrap my mind around celebrating in time. No, I'm just not being a shitty person where there's nothing to celebrate here.
Lauren Kelly: But it's like I feel the same way with this, like, oh, you only told three lies in a month and a half. Wow, that's exciting. That's what normal people don't do that at all. Anyways, you know what I mean. So, so why
Lauren Kelly: This isn't something to be celebrated. But in my mind like 15 to 30 leads a day versus three and a month and a half. Is it is growth in his mind.
Lauren Kelly: I guarantee you it will be
Lauren Kelly: Those are the three a costume there for sure are so many more, um, you know what I mean, like, and again, I'm giving him the ammo to feel that way like it.
Lauren Kelly: Why did I mean like if the lives of just the hotel thing, and there was nothing else like and then I could have proved him going for that. There was nothing else like I think there might have been a chance that like now that he sees I lied about something that's going to the
Lauren Kelly: And I don't even know why I did it. I don't even know where it came from. I didn't even know when I did it and like
Lauren Kelly: I and it's like it's made me go over every single thing.
Lauren Kelly: every conversation we've had because I'm like there been anything else that I played by meetings, I want to complain about everything and like I've gone over every conversation. There's literally nothing. There's one text, the hotel in this year.
Lauren Kelly: But all of them are to him. You know what I mean. I just it I'm giving him the ammo to I can't
Lauren Kelly: I can't see how he could see me anything other than a shitty person that you should not be with you know what I mean, like, I don't see how I can be viewed as anything other than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, first off, um, I think you need to keep in mind that he hasn't been perfect either. And that, again, you know, you're working progress and you're not going to be able to change everything in one night. I mean, oh yeah, you've done
Lauren Kelly: A lot proud of me last night I got really sad and was missing him. And then I went my phone and I look at
Lauren Kelly: 18 different pictures of bruises. I have on my body that night that I took in my phone to remind me of that and it you know it.
Lauren Kelly: Kind of help remind me that you know he's human to, you know what I mean. And I felt like you know like that it might need my left is still not the same. I left is still like
Lauren Kelly: And it's been like three weeks, you know, my bruises are just
Lauren Kelly: Go away. Like it just reminds me, like, you know, and again he still has never said things like you said in our last session of, like, oh my god, I can't believe I did that too. It's just been like
Lauren Kelly: I think the closest that I got was, it's important that you know I didn't mean to hurt you, you know, but but before that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did.
Lauren Kelly: That yeah before that Tim telling me over and over again. I didn't hurt you. I just needed the key. I didn't hurt you. I just need the key. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: You can tell me you didn't hurt me so much as you want, but the 18 bruises on my body and the jacket left me would say different you know any mean um
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, last night I looked at those to remind me that like it's not just that I'm this horrible she person he's put me through how to, you know, but it's not like one makes
Lauren Kelly: The other better but like he isn't this perfect, you know. Oh, it came back. Perfect. I came back change. I came back, all these things like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I didn't knew so had done horrible things to me in on. I mean, you're not this angel and and you are an imperfect person, much like myself, and we have different struggles, but
Lauren Kelly: I just can't help but think of like How forgiving. I've been in, but you know, you heard the email of our different the two situations are in his
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like what you hear you responding back with with you know what he's physically what he physically did to either. And that was a recent to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: Verbally, but it just whenever I bring that up. I'm like, that last week when I was there for that date. We had gone to the grocery store for something
Lauren Kelly: And my knee was bothering me and and I kind of like rubs or something. He was like, oh, what's wrong with me and I said you you don't want to know. And he's. No, no, I really don't.
Lauren Kelly: Know you really don't. And he put. She said, No. Tell me, tell me what No, and I said, you
Lauren Kelly: And he just got excited. And so that's like just anytime I bring it up. It just, you know, just kind of like
Lauren Kelly: Like you can tell he's not happy with. It's not like he's like, Yeah, I'm so glad. Like, it's not like he feels stronger powerful
Lauren Kelly: Like my old XE I used to like, tell me, did you just get off on that fits in, like, he's like, super powerful. We need it. It's not, I don't. It's not like an ego power thing with him but like it's he just kind of get sad in his mind, that definitely wasn't as bad as it was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and like I try. I
Lauren Kelly: had nightmares about it. I've it brought back a lot of traumas from the past for me that you know I hadn't been in a physically abusive relationship for like seven years.
Lauren Kelly: Maybe once every six months, I would have like a domestic violence nightmare. Something that were like putting I would be fighting and now I'm getting those look all you know like I'm getting those now it's like it just kind of re triggered and I know it was just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wondering if
Lauren Kelly: It wasn't that the constant occurrence, like it was with Clint, but it just all I can see it's just like his face. And just like the quick move and like it's just the testimony and just like
Lauren Kelly: And just, just that panic feeling inside that I've only felt a few times in my life of, like, just trying so hard to get someone off of me. You know what I mean. And I'm like, being stronger than me and then overpowering me you know and how
Lauren Kelly: weak and vulnerable you fill in that moment, and it just it set me back a lot and and i'm sure in his head just it was just, you know, a couple minutes it was any. I don't know. I don't know. But if that
Lauren Kelly: It definitely is it. I definitely can see in his eyes, he doesn't get how bad it was for me and he doesn't get
Lauren Kelly: Under that I'm still dealing with the repercussions of that and that I still two nights ago I had a nightmare about him, you know, physically
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the thing is is that that's where the that's a red flag. I mean, it really, really is, if you think about it, he needs to recognize how bad that was he needs to recognize that it's not okay to ever put your hands on anybody else ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he doesn't get that he's disconnected from that ownership of that.
Lauren Kelly: I think it's on my action. We never want to come there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's it's not. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what you do, he never has the right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nobody ever has the right to put their hands on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, you're right. I mean, no matter what.
Lauren Kelly: cheating on you and you still don't have the right to hurt them. You know what I mean like in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, right. And so, you know, him being disconnected from the fact that he doesn't even own that he minimizes it and things that, you know, gives himself permission to be okay and that you know there's that's a huge red flag, you know, to pay attention to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it really between that and, you know, a lie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no comparing that's 10 times worse. I don't care what you say that's 10 times worse and knowing that you're willing to forgive him for that, knowing that, you know, you're still willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To build trust with him. And how do you know he's ever going to do that again. How do you know he's never going to try to bully you again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you don't know that because once you open the door for for that to happen without a harsh boundaries and some work around it. It's easy for that to happen again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and so you've got to realize that piece to only, you know, owning your truth and admitting that you you know that you lie to him or that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's one thing. You know what I mean. But he's got to do the same thing and be willing to own how bad and how wrong it was for him to do that not minimize it make excuses why it's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, even two or three weeks ago, things were still chaotic and crazy with you guys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm both, you know what I mean, on both sides. It's not one side thing, and he wants to point the finger and just look at the things these, you know, things that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are doing wrong but you got to keep in mind that he's not 100% perfect either right now. Yeah. And so you know what I mean. Knowing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Knowing that knowing that piece of that. You know, I, what I would say is you own your truth and say this is my part in what we're trying to work on and I'm working on me. I'm working on changing these behaviors. I'm not going to do it right 100% of the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I am trying and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really bringing that piece up and saying, you know, when you tell me that it wasn't that bad you minimize what you did, you know, no matter what I've ever done. No matter what I do. You never have the right to put your hands on me ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period and saying that was just a couple weeks ago to and I'm willing to forgive you for that. However, how am I going to trust that you're never going to put your hands on me again.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, there it goes. It goes back and forth. And it's about saying Wait let's let's just stop where we're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now and let's say, Yeah, I'm not perfect and you're not perfect, you know, and you know, owning your truth and telling him that to says, wait. You know what I mean here we are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what I mean. You have to know that you had how many years of of using and of covering your butt and lying to get what you needed that is part of the addictive behavior that happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you get clean and sober, all of that doesn't go away. You have to work on that you have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you're not going to do a perfect, but the minute that you identify that that's what's going on being able to retract
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the thing is, is you cannot be you cannot hold on to his response. You can't be be, you know, hold on to that piece. His response is going to be whatever it's going to be right, no matter what is either gonna
Say that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You got it. You got to pull yourself out of that fear and say this is my truth and it's not pretty truth isn't always pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Sometimes the truth hurts. Yeah. But at the end of the day, that's how we start building trust and yeah you you know you said something that you shouldn't have said you recognize that and you're trying to work on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a piece of being in early recovery, Lauren, you have to remember, you're just you know you're barely over 30 days clean and sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: This already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Beginning already 40 days. I'm glad you said that. Um, but you think about how long you know it actually takes to actually start working on these behaviors. You know what, there's no shortcut. There's no fast track to it.
Lauren Kelly: I think that because, again, like my mindset has been so laser focused on like
Lauren Kelly: My relationship with Paul and wanting to get back on track and wanting to show him proved him and all these things. But when I hear the things like what you're seeing right now.
Lauren Kelly: What I hear is that there's no way I can ask them to be in relationship with me. There's no way I can ask them to work on things with me because
Lauren Kelly: All I have to offer is this broken person who basically will still lie to you. You know what I mean, like, help, how can I ask for him to do anything until like I had this situation under control. And I can say
Lauren Kelly: I honestly feel that I will never do that. I that I am doing things like you said identified in that moment and then
Lauren Kelly: And then actually getting to the point where identify it the moment before I say it. And so I never say you know that's that's when the real progress has been made, you know what I mean, that's when that's
Lauren Kelly: My head tells me what would be easier if you said this and and and my my conscious tells me, but no, we're going to say the truth. Instead, you know what I mean like when
Lauren Kelly: That what an amazing day that will be, but I feel like until I'm there. I can't ask him to work on anything with me because I'm so flawed and I'm so fucked up.
Lauren Kelly: And I don't even know why I do think I do. So how can I promise him. I'm going to stop them because like I don't even know why I did that, you know, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: What came from. So, so to me. I just feel so setup and so far there's nothing I can ask him, like all the it almost seems to be like, I need like six months or a year or something to just like
Lauren Kelly: The on my own and focus on this as I also know like it. He'll say, like, that's the he wants me to contact him and call him every day and do all these things and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how did you both like I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you can't. You've got to step outside of it a little bit and focus on you. You know, before you can ever have a relationship with him. You've got to have a relationship with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's
Lauren Kelly: I don't even know what that means.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, because you've been so focused on him and his responses in his reactions you know that you forget that you matter and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have to be true to you. You have to start telling your own self, the truth. You have to start, you know, working on things like you started making progress by going to the dentist by
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By, you know, getting your physical stuff fixed and and worked on. That's the first step of building a relationship with you. The next step is these behaviors, how, you know, identifying how bad they are for you, not for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to put the the steps into be able to change those things, you first have to have a relationship with you and feel confident and secure with you before you can ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Expect that out of a relationship that's why they tell you don't get into a relationship for your first year of recovery focus inward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, all of that is a piece of somebody who's 40 days sober.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Like don't start a relationship. But I thought like if you were already in the healthy relationship that was different, you know, it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not in a good, healthy relationship. There's part of the
Lauren Kelly: Problem, I, I felt like I was in the money has been super supportive and all that, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I felt like 12 days, who was
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For 12 days out of 40 days. Yeah. So, you know, really holding on to that piece and saying, you know what you just said to me, that whole scenario that whole paragraph that you just said to me, is your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you know if you're going to respond to him in any way. That is exactly what I would respond to him with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is my truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. You have nothing to defend anymore. You know what I mean. And when you make a mistake you apologize and you change that direction, but you're not going to do it. Perfect. You're not it's going to take time. It's going to take practice.
Lauren Kelly: So you're saying what was really nice and say, you said
Lauren Kelly: That's what I should say, what was that I missed when you were like that, I would say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your truth what you just said, you know, how can you expect him to be in a relationship with you. You both have things to work on. He does too. He's in therapy as well. You know, he needs to identify the putting his hands on you is not okay in any situation, no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what I mean, he hasn't been able to identify that yet you're working on, not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lying, you know, you've been been lying for so long that it just, it's like a second nature just happened. It's like, you know, just like using it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so, you know, it takes it takes practice. And it takes work to be able to change those behaviors and you owning that truth to him and letting him know you know that you are working on you and you are, you need to have a relationship with you and work on these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're not going to do it right and you're frustrated because you know you're trying to so badly prove to him, you know that you are, you know, doing this for the right reasons. But in reality, if you're not doing it for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're trying to do it to save a relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then that's not the right reasons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is about better
Lauren Kelly: I know that this is about me. I know like me being truthful and life that has more
Lauren Kelly: Good benefits to me than even him the name of the person in the relationship with that that has more I'm
Lauren Kelly: Looking for, um, there's more perks. There's more benefits just more pluses to me just living a truthful 100% authentic like raw vulnerable life then
Lauren Kelly: If I'm alone forever. You know what I mean like not best
Lauren Kelly: Lauren. That's the best life. That's the best everything for me, you know, that's the best shot. I have any kind of future or relationships like family or friends or anything but ever in life, you know, um,
Lauren Kelly: So I know it isn't about him and like, you know, in the beginning me getting sober. It all started with like him and him catching me in the sly and and me realizing you know there's no room for my addiction in our future.
Lauren Kelly: But I actually was really proud of myself and like
Lauren Kelly: We broke up the fact that I really stay true to my surprise, yeah. And it really showed me that I wasn't doing it for him. I was doing it for me. Because if I had been doing it for him I would use 25 days ago, you know, and I mean every since then, you know,
Lauren Kelly: No question like,
Lauren Kelly: Even a year ago, learn when they've been strong enough to do what I did. Now, you know, so right so I feel like I am proving to myself that this isn't about him and methods is about, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And that's been a really good thing for me to know like that. I didn't just throw this whole thing away and just stopped showing up to groups and stop throwing up the therapies. As soon as he and I broke up. If anything,
Lauren Kelly: I asked them all up and started going to more meetings and started doing two hours with the one and start. You know what I mean, and started, you know, reading more and doing everything putting even more hands and all this and
Lauren Kelly: I am
Lauren Kelly: It just
Lauren Kelly: It just, there's just as part of me that so badly like once
Lauren Kelly: I want that.
Lauren Kelly: What we had in like that beginning of January, and he told me, like, you know, the most amazing one was like the beginning of January one who is so Ron so vulnerable and that was like the most beautiful person I've ever seen and blah, blah, blah. And like
Lauren Kelly: I really was like I was honest about everything I was 100% real. I mean, in those first like that first like week or so of my sobriety like things were so good and it wasn't till like that one text came in that sorted, you know, everything else.
Lauren Kelly: That. And again, that was just that wasn't for me to do stuff for my past that was just make some money to contribute in a way that I didn't feel with disrespect as I was going to talk to them about it before it happened.
Lauren Kelly: If he had told me he was uncomfortable with it, it wouldn't have happened. Um, but
Lauren Kelly: I don't get why was able to do it. And I guess maybe I was able to do it for a week because, you know, just like I was saying boyfriends can be perfect for a week or two. That was my
Lauren Kelly: Being able to be good for a week or whatever. And then, you know, old stuff back in, or whatever. But, um,
Lauren Kelly: You know, it has. It's not because I haven't been focused on my sprite here because I've been putting any of that on the back burner that has been
Lauren Kelly: Number one forefront thing is overriding emotion to thought in my head at all times is like, is this going to help me or hurt and it's going to help a recovery or hurt my recovery is. And then, my name is
Lauren Kelly: Something that like probably be proud of me doing or something you wouldn't be proud of me to it. And those two things go into every action I do and everything I i
Lauren Kelly: I and so it just, I've been able to do that successfully and literally everything else. I just don't know how that came out of my mouth, the other day and I don't
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to how I figured that out like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just start, you have to start, start being, you know, aware of, you know, what you're saying you have to be aware and being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: identify it. And as soon as you do identify and backtrack it and say, Wait, you know, I, you know what I mean I, that was an untruth, I'm really working on this piece and I'm really trying to move forward, but
Lauren Kelly: They don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do that because
Lauren Kelly: If I did that he, I think he would have take, I think he would have actually been like, okay, that was that was
Lauren Kelly: I didn't do that, Rebecca. It wasn't till he said, Show me the paperwork that all of a sudden, I was like, Oh, shit.
Lauren Kelly: He's right. I you know I mean and and he's right like it. It wasn't told them that didn't even like really dawned on me and. And again, like all I spent the last two days, analyzing
Lauren Kelly: Why I said that thing. And the only thing I can come back to is kind of comparing it to like wanting him to see me sleeping in the car. It was like I it's like I wanted him to know
Lauren Kelly: Because again, like this garage that I'm in right now. Like, I mean, you can kind of see how bad it is. I won't even like show you how that I literally count on the rat sized everyday in here.
Lauren Kelly: Like I'm up to like three today so far I'm cockroaches are probably like
Lauren Kelly: 50 to 60 a day. I see literally in the space I'm living in like it's disgusting and like he doesn't know how about this so
Lauren Kelly: I'm thinking too late. Like, all I can think of is like I wanted him to know how bad things are. And so if I say like the yard. That was just like a way for me to like let him know.
Lauren Kelly: how bad things are for me right now and how like alone. I am, but I don't get, like, why couldn't I just
Lauren Kelly: What happened, it wasn't like I was lying about the tooth all together, you know. And I mean, and I made up this whole story that that is all true. I have all the paperwork have the bills and have the everything for that.
Lauren Kelly: But why can I just said I it's my face was in excruciating pain for like two days like I was, why, why should I have to
Lauren Kelly: Add in your to that. And the only thing I can come back to is that I want him to understand how bad things are for me and but what I did an untruth need to go into, like, and I just explained that in I
Lauren Kelly: It just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
Lauren Kelly: Just that I could under I can do a lot better if I understand. Right. I did the behavior and I could. So then I can focus on. Okay, well, this is why you did it. So this is it stopped doing it.
Lauren Kelly: I don't even know. Like why other than when I just identified of like me wanting him to understand how bad things are right now. I don't understand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That there's
Lauren Kelly: Er had to go into that i right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've identified it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're owning it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You understand why you did it because he just
Lauren Kelly: Wanted to you. I haven't seen him yet tonight. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's the thing you don't owe them anything. You know, you owe yourself.
Lauren Kelly: But it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your truth.
Lauren Kelly: If I want to get. He says, like if you know there's any future like he has to be able to ask these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure you get it, but you know what I mean, again, you're 40 days over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to think for one second that you're going to change all of those behaviors that you are engaged in FOR EIGHT, NINE YEARS IN 40 days is unrealistic. So you're cleaning server you're working on, Lauren, you're working on changing these things. This is a part of the process.
Lauren Kelly: You would probably say, so what's that give you like a get out of jail free card to live because you're
Lauren Kelly: Over
Lauren Kelly: Why would I want though it from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it gives it gives you the permission to be able to be mindful, pay attention and start really working and honing in on this part of your baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does look
Lauren Kelly: What can I do that I'm not doing right now like whoa helped me hone in and changes behavior because again like that came out of my mouth without me even like
Lauren Kelly: Thinking about it wasn't like I saw a forgotten phones like let me like tell him this so it sounds or it literally just came out like I
Lauren Kelly: What can I do to like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, own your truth.
Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Owner truth that's that's the first part of it is just owning it accepting it. Realizing that you're working on these things, and that you're not going to do it. Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period and then start really paying attention when you are in conversation and feed you know know that that's something you know you said something that wasn't true backtracking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even picking up the phone and calling it back and saying, you know, I need to read. I need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To tell you this, you know, but
Lauren Kelly: They didn't do that. I didn't do that, you know, I literally went from the time we have that conversation that was like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, maybe five o'clock that afternoon to say and then it was like, midnight when he called me and said, I want the paper or whatever. So it was that whole time I had seven hours where I could have called I did not, you know, every opportunity. I did not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: picking him up and telling him, it wasn't true, or did you not know that that's an option that you had yet.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't think that was an option I it was such a little thing because everything else was true. It didn't
Lauren Kelly: It didn't dawn on me as something that like mattered. I don't, I don't even know I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, now it has. And now you get to start working on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, that's what I thought that's what I felt it could take
Lauren Kelly: Her after what happened at the hotel. Like, I remember telling him.
Lauren Kelly: How could I lie to you again after this, because I just lost everything. Like what bigger lesson. Can I have been losing the beautiful apartment. I had with the man I love and the love of my life in
Lauren Kelly: a comfortable place with my dogs, and now I'm in a cool part and and all these things like I think I learned my lesson. Like I just lost everything. How could I possibly like you, again, you know, like how could I not be mindful of is, how could I not go
Lauren Kelly: Like yesterday went or the other day when I said that thing. How could I not go Oh shit, that was wrong and called him back immediately or told him in that moment, little weight that that was wrong and
Lauren Kelly: And even though I should have said in the first place, at least I have this mindfulness to call you and let you know as soon as like
Lauren Kelly: I realized it but I didn't do that. And that's what's so fucking devastating because
Lauren Kelly: What bigger lesson. But I have had them what happened with that whole hotel thing and
Lauren Kelly: Me moving out and be losing everything like the fact that I could repeat this behavior again after all that is just, it's
Lauren Kelly: It's looking sickening to me and it literally like almost makes me feel like there's no hope.
Lauren Kelly: Like, like that. This is just the shitty person I am. And that like maybe I was a shitty person before drugs and drugs, just like where my excuse for being a person but like not I'm sober and guess what I'm still just that shitty person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now that's an absolutely not true. It's not. You've got to, you know. You've just identified it you just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now know what you can do to change it and to start changing that thought process. You didn't know that the other day and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I owning it owning your truth admitting your truth and moving on, not allowing anybody to be that browbeat you over it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, again, you're not perfect, you're going to make mistakes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's not about what you've already lost because of it. You know, really, it's not. It's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This progression that you're in, you're in this growth period. And again, you're going to fall, and you're going to make mistakes and you're not going to do it. Perfect. Because at the end of the day, you're human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing that you know what I mean, knowing that, you know, evaluating your conversations. From this point forward, you know, identifying truth from untruth and immediately, you know, going back in and changing that to the hundred percent truth and it takes work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I couldn't have done it.
Lauren Kelly: What can I do other than just trying to be mindful. Like I feel like I need more that I need to do. Like I feel like I'm not doing enough and I want to do everything I can possibly
Lauren Kelly: Right, like, you know, and not not make this right for Parliament, like make this right for me so I can go for it in my life and know
Lauren Kelly: That I'm being true. I'm being real that I'm giving people the best like Lauren Kelly, there is, you know, and that and and that I'm you know like like simply be my truth and and
Lauren Kelly: I, I feel like I have nothing to offer anyone until I can be that person and they feel like like when things like this happen like
Lauren Kelly: I thought I had come a long way since the hotel hadn't said a single, single life and then 100% truthful with them about where I was what I was doing every single thing since then.
Lauren Kelly: I don't even understand why I lied about something so stupid like I just, I just don't get it. And it's just what's happening to me that it
Lauren Kelly: It just, it makes. It's like I have the same feeling I had when like my cancer came back, the first time, like when I first got cancer. I had that attitude of, like, oh, I'm going to beat this thing and I'm stronger than cancer, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And then when it came back the second time I remember it was the first time I realized it was actually more devastating than
Lauren Kelly: being diagnosed in the first place because I didn't really know what I was going up against the first time.
Lauren Kelly: Now the second time I kind of felt like the message I was getting from God, the universe, whatever. Was that like
Lauren Kelly: Oh no, this thing actually might be stronger than you, and you might actually lose this battle, you know, and that was that was even harder than finding out I had cancer in the first place, and like, that's the feeling I getting right now of like
Lauren Kelly: Like, even though you know you just went through all this. Like, you still
Lauren Kelly: This this thing might be bigger than you, like, you may just be a really bad person. And it wasn't the drugs like this is just you, you fucking are and like
Lauren Kelly: You don't deserve good people in your life because good people don't deserve to be lied to. They deserve honesty, like that's like the bear you know policy like
Lauren Kelly: They don't think I asked for a lot like i think i the bars for you. I'm just asking you to be honest, like that really be some big ask or something. And no, it shouldn't I totally agree with him like that should be
Lauren Kelly: A normal thing. You asked if a person that you're in a relationship with you should be able to trust when they say they literally are, you should be able to trust that um
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I've put us in a position where he feels the need to ask for proof of these things, or whatever. It's like, I guess here and and
Lauren Kelly: It just had this overwhelming feeling of like maybe this thing is bigger than me. And what if I can't conquer it, what if I can't. What if I'm not better than this. And what's this just this who I am and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not and that's catastrophic thinking and that doesn't get you anywhere. Either it's realizing that you're human. And that you're going to make mistakes and that you're working progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're doing the best I can do right now.
Lauren Kelly: I can't ask for anything from anyone else while I'm doing that though, can I mean I feel like I
Lauren Kelly: I can ask to work on things, all I can try to be in his life. I can't do any of that until I can give him a person that will not live to him. And clearly, I thought it was that person like week ago, I would have told you
Lauren Kelly: After what happened with the hotel. How could I ever why again like I've learned the biggest lesson. Now I learned the seat that clearly I'm not where I thought I was, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you actually are. And I again you're thinking in such a huge, huge you know way right now that it's hard to step back and take a look at it and really put it in context of what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so
Lauren Kelly: You need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's not the end of the world. It's not the end of any of this. You know what I mean, it's about going. It's about owning that and saying, I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm working on this. I'm not going to do it perfect right away. It's gonna take me time I you know even knowing that you don't even know what your truth real truth was for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So really sitting, sitting in that piece right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And identifying it and owning it. You're going to make mistakes mistakes addiction is a compulsive disease we act impulsively, we say things impulsively.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before we even know what craps coming out of our now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But how do I like
Lauren Kelly: I get that, but how do I stop that isn't it is my fear of, like, what if I can't ever stop that, because that's so like embedded into who I am.
Lauren Kelly: Because clearly, and I know when I did it like two days ago, I didn't even know. And I didn't give it a second thought after it wasn't like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You asked me.
Lauren Kelly: In those seven hours that house did you think of calling him. I hate to admit this but no I didn't. It literally like it didn't even dawn on me that it was different than, than the 99% of rest of the conversation that was all truthful.
It but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But Lauren
Lauren Kelly: That's the scary part. To me, it's not. I didn't even identify it.
Lauren Kelly: Like I should at least I didn't even like I had until heated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. But now the seed has been planted. Do you understand now you know that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The option with
Lauren Kelly: THE WHOLE HOTEL thing shouldn't die Morgan planted the seed like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't. It doesn't always again, you're talking about a behavior that goes with addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is their hand in hand.
Lauren Kelly: Their head I mind.
Lauren Kelly: My after my diction right now. So why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I still like there's a thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then he because there's a saying in in recovery that says you can lead
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can lead a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: horse to water, but you can't make him drink. Right. Yeah. At the end of the day it once you're clean and sober right now it's time to recognize and start changing the behaviors that came with it again. How long was your addiction. How long were you in active addiction versus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long you've been in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes time to identify the behaviors and working
Lauren Kelly: Even trade, because I was in active addiction for, like, seven, eight years. So if it's gonna take me
Lauren Kelly: To like be truthful, then I might as well give
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't take that long to be truthful, but you because think about it, you're going through all of this.
Lauren Kelly: Can you give me a date of when I'm going to be honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish I could
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish there was a date to do that. But again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, my suggestion is that you own, is that you own this truth you own it and you know don't hold yourself to any outcome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't you know expect anything from him. But really, that stick that you made a little bit ago that says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean I'm I'm working progress I yes I'm recognizing that I'm saying things that that are untrue. I don't even know why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do these little things you know these things like this, but I'm now that I know that I do it. I'm going to start working on that piece as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is for you. You know what I mean. And so really just owning that and, you know, letting him, you know, figure out what he's going to do about it. You know what I mean is really totally up to him. You can't control the outcome.
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I know what he's gonna do about it. I have no question about it. It's gonna
Lauren Kelly: It's gonna be, you know, clearly, we can't work on this clearly there is nothing to work on. If
Lauren Kelly: If you even, you know, if you can lie about something so stupid. And you don't even know why, how could I possibly be with like there's no positive of like
Lauren Kelly: Well, I see that you're acknowledging it and like the shell script there. There's none of that. It's just going to be, and this will be another thing he can go to his counselor about and be like, and she's still lying to me and Bob, you know, anemia, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wonder if he's even talked to his counselor about what him putting his hands on you.
Lauren Kelly: I highly doubt it. And if he if he did, I'm sure it was like
Lauren Kelly: No, I just kind of like reached over her to get the card and like, yeah, she likes her elbow or so, you know, I'm sure it was very downplayed I there's no way. It was like explain the way that it actually went down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's, there's no possible way. It could have because his mindset is that he hasn't done anything wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and he had a reason for why he did it. And so think having that red flag inside of your head. Lauren and keeping that upfront stating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I need to really kind of focus on me right now. You need to focus on you, you know, work harder with your counselor all work harder with mine. You know, and let's see what happens. So it's not hold it in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's hope that, you know, the idea is that you guys find your way back to each other. But right now in the mess because right it's the mess right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's not going to do things. Perfect. And neither you and you know to deflate his you know response to you is by just saying owning it and saying, I did it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's, you know, one step closer to me getting better and you know i and just being humble and saying, you're right. I don't have anything to offend, you're right. I did do that. You're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it, and just backing away from any defense or any argument on your side of things, but not allowing him to browbeat you over things too, because he still is in denial about what he's done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you knowing that
Lauren Kelly: I think I told you that his counselor says when that I'm playing him and that he's a chump.
Lauren Kelly: And unlike. So what part of me moving out of the completely paid for 20 $500 you know
Lauren Kelly: $2,000 plus 500 and bills. He was, he told me he would have paid for that for the next year.
Lauren Kelly: And what part of me walking away from that click live in my car live in a garage is me playing you like what part he left me like a
Lauren Kelly: Tiffany's president for my birthday that I left in the apartment. What part of that is new playing you if he had given me a credit card. I gave that back to them, like what part of that is he playing you
Lauren Kelly: But part of me giving you the keys to the apartment is me playing you like, if anything, all of those things. Those me like show showing you that I respect you. So it's like
Lauren Kelly: The fact that the message has to come first got interested in playing him and
Lauren Kelly: He's a chump. It tells me that he's getting some very skewed true because if he had explained
Lauren Kelly: Look, she moved she chose to me about the apartment. I told her I'd pay for it. I mean, that's like over $10,000 of stuff I would have had taken care of.
Lauren Kelly: You know, if I was some bad person trying to play him like I would have been like sweet free apartment. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: Everything I've done has been to try to show respect and to show him you know that I love him that I put his feelings in his thoughts and his happiness, but for my own and so
Lauren Kelly: Other person seems like and playing him. I just, I don't even know what like what he could be saying about least for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because he's not because he's not, he's not owning His truth yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a piece of it. You know what I mean when we go into counseling. We want our side to be heard. But if he can't recognize his full potential. His full side of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it's hard for him to get the appropriate feedback.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That he needs to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a piece of it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we have to wrap this up because my next person is is already coming into the waiting room. Um, so listen. What I want you to focus on this week is really be paying attention to what you're saying. And really if you if you know if you find a lie. Backtrack
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Change it to your truth and just practice that. I mean, and just know don't beat yourself up, you're working progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're 40 days sober. You're just a baby in recovery. Still, and you're clean and sober. You're doing the right things you're learning how to change those those addictive behaviors, remember that it's not just Lauren behavior that's an addictive behavior.
Lauren Kelly: I just don't. I want to be like the best me as soon as I can. I don't want to, like, wait to I don't want to still be a shitty person I want to be like
Lauren Kelly: So hard to be like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not a shitty person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like your work in progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're worth of work in progress.
Lauren Kelly: Other than their behaviors. Isn't that like what makes up a person or behaviors like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, so I'm so
Honored to be a your work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not necessarily person you're working on the behaviors that came along with your addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just leave it at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't, don't make it into this big old thing that you're a bad person because of a behavior that you're trying to work on changing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your work in progress.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm, I'm just gonna own this I'm gonna, I think I'm going to send them an email because I just, I don't think I think it'd be a lot harder to have the dialogue of sure I knew it. And so does that, you know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because
Lauren Kelly: It's going to be really negative and it's going to be there is no understanding or, oh, this is progress. There's only this, I knew it. This is all I have to expect from you. This is all you have to. All right.
Lauren Kelly: So I think I'm just gonna send an email and just say, you know, this is the last thing I'm going to send
Lauren Kelly: For I just need to spend this time working on myself a pound.
Lauren Kelly: It's obviously like you know you deserve better. And even if this or better than somebody and do these behaviors. So until I can hone in on this more, um,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, but is there anything I can do like, I mean, I've been like reading a bit but like what I'm just wondering, like, I want to actively work on this. I don't want to just like
Lauren Kelly: To recognize when these things happen. Like, is there anything I can do this work on it more. So I can try to identify the suit suit like again, I would love to be the person who identifies it before it comes out of my mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and, and you'll get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll get to that point. But you're trying to fast track everything and there's no fast tracking it it's changing that behavior. It's really working day to day conversation by conversation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And identifying it with every conversation that you have
Lauren Kelly: And this is hoping that like it happens enough time before he just given up on me altogether because eventually, I would imagine, there will get to the point
Lauren Kelly: Again up on the altogether if it hasn't happened already happened with this already, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, owning your truth and moving forward in that piece and really being paying attention being aware and working on it. That's all that you can do, there's not really anything more that you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's no quick fix. There's no quick fix. It's changing those behaviors which takes practice at changing those behaviors.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you. Thanks for spending time with me. I appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so don't miss your appointment next week.
Lauren Kelly: I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I'll be interested in hearing how things go.
Lauren Kelly: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks I appreciate it. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will talk to you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Lauren Kelly: And then on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Okay.
Lauren Kelly: It.
BY LAUREN